Hi there! This is my portfolio. I'm really excited to showcase my development skills up to now. I'm getting the hang of using Bootstrap, CSS, Grid design, HTML5 semantics, and so much more. I'm amazed how much I've learned in the past two weeks.

The reason why I decided to enroll in this bootcamp is that I realized how much more work needs to be done in helping bridge gaps in logistics, particularly in electoral politics and in health care. I'm really excited to use this portfolio to share about my background and how I plan to use coding and web development in my career.

Since college, I've worked in and out of politics, in particular, political campaigns. From my experience, there are so many roadblocks preventing people to vote as well as building political pressure around issues that voters are passionate about. My web development skills will enable me to create tools that better engage voters with their local community, campaigns, and so much more. I belive in building tools that bridge people to one another, upon foundations of trust, knowledge, and unified values.

Aside from politics, it goes without saying that our healh care system has revealed itself in the last few months to be extremely fragile. This pandemic has taught us all that basic medical equipment and expertise cannot fight a contagious viral disease. With better logistics, tools, and connectivity, there are so many opportunities to improve the procurement process. Hospitals deserve a streamlined procurement process to obtain the life-saving supplies, equipment, and above all, protective gear to outfit our heroic health care workers.

In general, I really want this portfolio to establish the groundwork to showcase what I can do. The projects I'm going to build need to prove to future employers that I'm a professionally trained coder and developer, capable of whatever task is asked of me. Above all, I really want my portfolio to exude my passions for progressive politics and healthcare logistics.